https://github.com/ulysseGagne/hide-and-stalk

FEEDBACK

0- share private GitHub repo with ulysseGagne

1- hints overlay always shown for hiders AND seekers

2- original hints overlay boundary should be campus-border.geojson

3- hiders must see the location of seekers at all times

4- “hider has been found” button to end the game and stop the timer.

5- hints overlay must update when a "which _ are you closest to?" or "are you closer to _" is answered

6- relevant overlays must dynamically appear / disappear when related questions are asked (see below)

QUESTIONS

are you north or south of me?
7- horizontal line overlay

are you east or west of me?
8- vertical line overlay

using google maps, how many minutes do i have to walk to get to you?
9- "copy seekers location" button should appear

are you within a _ m radius of me? (50, 100, 200, 300, 500)
10- circle overlay

which uni _ are you closest to?

11- building		pavillons.geojson
12- bus stop		bus.geojson
13- aVélo station	avelo.geojson	
14- café		cafes.geojson

are you closer to the _ than me?

15- church		church.geojson
16- twin towers		twin-towers.geojson
17- ulaval sign		ulaval-sign.geojson
18- football stadium	football-stadium.geojson
19- greenhouses		greenhouses.geojson
20- campus border	campus-border.geojson
21- pub u		pub-u.geojson

TIERS


questions 1 and 2
are you north or south of me?
are you east or west of me?
are you closer to the church than me?
are you closer to the football stadium than me?
are you closer to the greenhouses than me?
are you closer to the pub u than me?
are you within a 500 m radius of me?
which uni aVélo station are you closest to?
are you closer to the twin towers than me?

questions 2 and 3 and 4
using google maps, how many minutes do i have to walk to get to you?
are you within a 300 m radius of me?
are you within a 200 m radius of me?
which uni café are you closest to?
are you closer to the campus border than me?
send a photo of the tallest thing you can see
send a photo of the nearest window

questions 3 and 4 and 5
which uni building are you closest to?
which uni bus stop are you closest to?
are you within a 100 m radius of me?
are you inside or outside?
could we see you on google street view?
do you see a bike lane?
send a photo of what's below you
send a photo of what's above you
how many people can you count?

questions 4 and 5 and 6
what's your floor number?
send a photo of the nearest plant/tree
send a photo of the nearest place to sit
send a photo of the nearest car parked near you

questions 5 and 6 and 7
what's the number of the nearest room? (the tree last digits)
are you within a 50 m radius of me?
send a photo of the nearest sign
send a photo of the nearest door

question 6
send me your exact coordinates
what's the exact id of the nearest room? (ex: PLT-2701)


IMPORTANT NOTES:	never suggest the same question twice.
			if you reach question 7 you lose.
			do we allow tunnels? is the location tracker good enough?
